This story is about the hunter and the hunted but later in the story it
becomes ironic because it turns into a game were the hunter becomes
the hunted. It turns into a chase of competition and of survival. 
Two sailors Rainsford and his partner Whitney sailed in to the
darkness of the of sea. Their purpose was to hunt, they called it the 
greatest sport. They were hunters and headed to the Amazon to hunt
vicious animals such as Jaguars, and tigers.
They sailed to an island called Ship-Trap Island. Sailors
feared this island and had curious dread of such a scarry place. The
sky was filled with darkness when suddently he heard Three gun
shots that were fired, and heard them again and again. Then he heard
a scream while smoking a pipe when suddently the pipe fell and as he
tried to reach for it he whent down into the sea were the waves
swallowed his screams.
Her description of the setting leads me to think that she is poor. Therefore, she has limitations due to class. Is this why she feels that she can only confide in trees? 
For Esperanza, the trees seem to be like a support network for her. She would talk to them when she felt lonely. It was almost as if the trees were her family members. 
The trees were not only a support network and a reflection of Esperanza. They inspired Esperanza. When Esperanza was ready to give up, she looked at the trees, and they told her to keep, keep, keep, keep. The trees taught Esperanza perseverance, which would definitely help her achieve success.
Nobody could have heard him as the ocean swallowed his
screams and the only chance of survival was to swim. Rainsford
swam towards the screams and ended up in the Island. He walked on
the shoreline and later found a place that looked like a mansion.
There he met General Zaroff who bought the island to hunt. He was
indeed a sporstman who invented a new sensation of the hunting
game. His game was to train those men who's ships were wrecked
and ended up in that island, and then provide them with food and a
knife for three days. Once they were trained they were led out into
the island as a head start while Zaroff chase after them and tried to
hunt them down. If They survived during those three days they had
won the game and they were let free but in the other case if they were
found they were killed.