0.
After merging, run the program “./0” and note the value.
1.
I first tried using strace but didn’t help. So, I tried going into gdb.
I knew the program is generating a random number.
I ran the program and wrote “b rand” now there is a breakpoint at that line.
After, I typed “finish” and revealed the value returned from rand.
Type continue and program will ask question and type in the value. Success!
2.
Initially, using ltrace and strace but revealed a lot of irrelevant information.
So, I did some research on lib curl and looked at the documentation. 
After reading documentation takes in parameters returns 0 when ran successfully. 
Using ltrace revealed that the lib curl was returning 0. My conclusion the answer is yes
3.
Initially, instinctively used gdb to solve the issue but it didn’t help. 
Then, I tried using ltrace and noticed random phrase in the print out-iamspecial. 
So, I decided to create a iamspecial.c and put a int main in there. 
After a lot of frustration, I deleted the file and created another file with but not .c file. 
Now I ran the program and it was printing out correct file found but also stating check failed. 
After a lot of researching, I realized to fix the permissions on the file. 
I entered chmod 777 iamspecial and re-ran the file. Success!
4.
I first tried doing strace and showed irrelevant information.
I tried creating a library file called lib361.so but it didn’t help. I looked online on how to properly create the object. 
gcc -c -Wall -Werror -fpic lib361.c and after typed in 
gcc -shared -o lib361.so lib361.o
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/home/fkhan42/hw2:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
Now it is printing out “this program tests the implementation of a dynamically linked library”. 
Then I tried using ltrace to diagnose and realized that a function is taking in 4 parameters into secretoperation. 
The function is taking in 2 int and a pointer. I ran the program and stating the Assertion ‘result’ ==10 failed. 
I came to a conclusion that the function is returning 10. But it was not working every time. 
I am came up with a mathematical formula to return the sum of 2 numbers. 
This worked but was seg-faulting and had to come up with another formula and that properly worked. 
  
 
